all right good good thanks for staring
Alex and job a little bit easier that
3,000 people are just fuck Michael Owen
doing alright just staring I got that
laughs every morning no I just said I'm
from from Manchester we got nobody in
front Manchester can I spread around the
room in case it kicks off the big like
Manchester so great city it's a good fun
we got bombed 10 years ago by the IRA
and I went over to Belfast recently
right not like a revenge mission it was
just a gig like I went out on stage I
said that low I'm from Manchester and a
book at the Matlin did you enjoy the
bomb you laughing more than i did i'll
be honest with you meows went a bit I
said said yeah we did actually yeah you
know the end of the day nobody died we
got a new next so you know
you showed us your crazy IRA it's great
tracy is a lot of bad weather of course
you know we always get wound up because
of it's always raining you know my dad
always says he says the weber in
manchester's like the muslims in Iraq
inside the Sunni or Shiite you know
Oh
have you got a little bit worried there
are points with that Joe got an oven i
just said Muslims leave it out make a
simple International wordplay that's all
it was all friends in liverpool's as a
strange relationship with Manchester as
well there's anybody in from Liverpool
all right i priced you out not to worry
I love Liverpool it's a beautiful city
and I remember when I first went over
there i support manchester city right
that's my football team and then we're
going over there min manchester city
shirt and i stopped this bloke at the
train station I said listen mate I'm a
bit lost i'm trying to find the docks
could help us out a knee turn out he
went which is a word in liverpool right
it means you're not welcome right and
pick up hook it up eventually got some
some sound he went cuz I'm naturally
witty the ball with that right you said
then sure what he's doin already
Oh
now that's did you tempted to say calm
down but that makes things worse it
doesn't like that I was very brave there
were lots in the I said listen I asked
you for directions officer you are bang
out of order but football you know as
that problem does it is large cities ate
each other just cuz of the football in
high support city and the obviously
Manchester United out is our nearest
club and that we've got the United fans
in Brooklyn amis me I there's always
United fun every giganews United fund I
like rocks the only the three meters
away from one of the Buster's football
but I'm getting to this stage Rome
starting to dislike footballers of
anyone else this problem right but he's
like multimillionaires running around
the pitch you know every five minutes
how about myself there was a bloke a few
weeks back he missed three Premiership
games with a dead leg right now
that's not an injury is it dead like
right when I was a kid I three dead legs
in one day once that was for free it's
thought to be PE and walk on that's not
an engineer make my grand dad's favorite
football it was a German goalkeeper
called Bert Trautmann right now in 1956
FA Cup Finals anyone all happen to all
but the Rockies that could you like to
quiz team Bank straight in August he
broke his neck and cut it on playing
right that's how are they were in the
fifties the metatarsal not even invented
in 1956 it is not all carried on diving
about with a wobbly edge right not
bothered good moment but these days it's
the fans keep showing us two things
and I'm going on there in the crowd
watching thinking you know what you're
on 60 grand a week if I think you do
know that i'll tell you all right that's
the way it should work as if i was on
that sort of money I'd take it as well
you know I mean I'd stay an extra half
hour at the end of the game just to take
it you don't know that yet and I'll see
you next week on scotland's your moms
are know about you but you should see
her house
read lips quickly and there's another
fella right I'm sure some of y'all know
right and it's the England full-back
Gary and Phil levels dad does anyone
know what each called that's right level
level right now sometimes this shit
right itself I'll be honest with you
right now for years I've been big lousy
called level level it doesn't make any
sense right doesn't make any sense
that's like not christening gone wrong
or whatever right I think I've worked it
out recently about this idea right
picture the scene he's about 17 he's
gone for a job interview is in a suit
right he's good looking like he's lads
right he's got it they give him a form
and a penny sat down right it's gone to
poppy surname in the box Neville let me
go
but there will be surname in the wrong
box there now and that's easy don't it
I'm gonna be self on a form but what can
you do in a job interview I've done my
name Ron could have another one it's not
yours is it can't do your name right
that's a big foot other foot level level
that'll be all right we're doing for a
few weeks I'd like that
the worst job into anyone's life and it
just SAT there so Mr Dan your name is it
Nevel Nevel ya ask me mate yeah the one
was a bit mental I far 28 level Street
you think Marcel what's it up